well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
when it is time not to celebrate a lot
of times an injustice occurs and when
that injustice occurs and people see it
they rally that cause most times when
that happens people join a cause that
seems hopeless and they want to get
involved because it's just so offensive
to general humanity so they jump in and
then something happens to provide a
little ray of hope and a whole lot of
people lose focus a whole lot of people
at that point stop fighting they trust
the system the powers that be to carry
out what is expected of them that's the
most dangerous point that's the most
dangerous point because that the the
movement that develops to fight that
injustice will loses steam and that's
when it can be overtaken that's when the
powers of the be can then ignore it
because they don't have that public
outcry going anymore now there was an
incident in Georgia a man named Ahmad
Aubrey now I'm not gonna go through the
details of it if you don't know the case
look into it yourself a whole bunch of
people rallied behind this because it
was hopeless prosecutors saw no grounds
for arrest people drew attention to it
and that attention forced government
agencies within Georgia to take a look
at the Georgia Bureau of Investigation
has announced that both McMichaels
both the people involved have been
arrested both of them charged with
aggravated assault and murder
to win right no it's not a win it's a
ray of hope we've seen this happen a lot
where the arrest occurs and everybody
stops everybody stops calling for
justice and by everybody I don't
actually mean everybody we're gonna get
to that in a minute
and it's at that moment that things just
start to fall apart with the case the
prosecution becomes less than honest in
their pursuit of justice because they
don't have the eyes on them don't let
that happen here don't let that happen
here now there's a whole bunch of people
in that community they know this and
they're gonna keep fighting however if
you look like me this is the moment
where a lot of people stop well I got
arrested the court system will take care
of it from there we did our part no no
you didn't it's not over that fight will
go on it will continue because the court
system is the same system that said
there were no grounds it's not over that
fight will continue and if you want to
be the ally you're currently patting
yourself on the back for being you need
to keep supporting the calls you need to
keep holding that megaphone out because
part of the reason that there weren't
grounds to arrest in the beginning is
part of the reason people listen to you
if you look like me and won't
necessarily listen to them
you can use that that bigotry that
racism against bigots and racists it's
kind of cool that way if you're willing
to use the privilege that your skintone
gives you don't abandon them when they
finally get a ray of hope anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night